[ADEL grunts]
[BLUE CAT A chirping]
[BLUE CATS chirp]
I figured we'd be called back,
but his majesty didn't
even bother to tell us
what he wants us for.
What a tyrant.
They've got it good here.
[PHIOUS]
Talking to yourself?
Not a good look.
Hey. It's good to see
you, too, Commander.
I appreciate you coming
out to greet me.
[PHIOUS]
Hmph.
Uh? Wait, don't tell me
you're worried about me.
Don't be absurd.
I'm just worried about
what you'll do in Black.
[ADEL] I'll ask about the trade
agreement. And after that...
Be careful.
[ADEL laughs]
What did I tell you?
It'll all work out.
You did say that.
[ADEL]
All right.
We'll bid the queen farewell
and then take our leave.
Right.
They're giving us so much.
These people sure are generous.
[GROZA] I think I might
miss this country.
But I can't let His Highness
spend any more time with her,
so this may have
worked out perfectly.
[PHIOUS]
Excuse us.
[IRIS gasps]
[gasps]
Hey.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Uh?
Take it.
[AIDE A]
Mm...
That letter requests
a trade agreement.
Go to your king and
speak to him in faith.
As you wish. This will
make a fine souvenir.
Thank you, Your Grace.
I simply decided to
heed your words.
Neither of our people
want to fight.
So if there's a chance we can
help them, let's take it.
My hope is that both of our
Kingdoms can flourish. In peace.
I fear that this is
the end, Queen Iris.
Of course. You must go.
Until next time.
[ADEL]
No. There won't be a next time.
Uh?
[ADEL] You say "balance" is the
governing law of this world.
You think all life
is worth protecting,
and that does sound nice.
But only to those
with strength to spare.
For those who are
barely surviving,
those ideals are meaningless.
What exactly are you saying?
[ADEL]
Of course you people want peace.
Thanks to all the
sunshine and soul here,
and that pretty rune of yours,
you live lives of plenty.
But down in the mud,
everything's a struggle.
We look up at this continent,
and ask ourselves why we
have to live in your shadow.
Because there must be a balance.
Some live in shadow,
and some live in light.
That's been the way of things
since the dawn of time.
[chuckles]
[ADEL] Really? "That's been
the way of things"?
You sit up here in your
paradise, and think
that this is balance.
[gasps]
Adel.
This has to be a joke, right?
[ADEL]
You may wish my people well,
but coming from you,
that sympathy's worthless!
Try saying that once
you've fallen to earth!
Queen Iris, no!
What?
[IRIS gasps]
[IRIS gasping]
It's all black.
[gasping]
[AIDE A]
Sir Phious! Seize that man!
You treacherous wretch.
Is this how you
creatures negotiate?
[groaning]
I'm glad you finally
showed us your true colors.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS groaning]
I should've known you'd
betray us. Cur...
I was a fool for trusting you!
If this is how you want
it to be, then fine.
I'll erase you and the ground
you crawled up from!
Bring rope and bind him!
Wait, but he‐‐
[scoffs] I'll visit
your cell later.
And I'll take my time forcing
you to tell me what you know.
[IRIS]
No...
He protected me.
You shouldn't stay here!
Quickly, we'll take
you to safety.
U‐Uh. Okay.
This is all so nice. I'll have
to bring gifts when I come back.
[gasping]
[GROZA grunts]
What's going on?
It's the envoy.
He's been arrested!
We had to leave!
[GROZA]
What? Which envoy?
Sorry, we don't know
the details, ma'am.
We're... abandoning them?
[BAKASE] For now at least.
Let's wait and see what happens.
But we can't help
them if we leave.
What if... they're hurt?
[PHIOUS] Damn it! Friendship
between our kingdoms?
An absolute farce. Why? Damn it!
I'm hurt, too.
But stop beating yourself up.
The Queen's all right,
so it's fine.
Like hell!
[gasps]
Calm down, brother.
[grunts]
[PHIOUS] I'm sorry, Sheama.
To you as well, Theo.
I just don't understand anymore.
What don't you understand?
What it means to protect
the balance.
Right now, it seems the knights
are doomed to fight forever.
And if so...
[THEO] Wait, "forever"?
We're not gonna live that long.
So why should we worry about it?
Theo?
[THEO] Honestly, I don't know of
anything that lasts forever.
Look, I had a fight with
the kid next door,
but I know we'll get
over it eventually.
In fact, if I tried to hold
a grudge for too long,
I bet you two would
get mad at me.
[PHIOUS]
Theo...
[THEO] I can let go of my anger.
Why can't all of you?
I mean, you're grownups.
You'll understand someday.
No, I won't. I don't want to.
Wait!
Sorry, Phious.
One day, when Theo
gets to be an adult‐‐
he can find a way to end
this pointless conflict.
At least that's my hope.
Yes. He has a kind heart.
[PHIOUS]
But...
...I can't.
When all else is unclear,
we have our duty.
And we mustn't waver.
I suppose not.
Don't stay up too late tonight
if you can help it.
See you tomorrow.
[door clicks]
Duty. Right.
[PHIOUS]
Lost as I feel,
I'm sure my worries are nothing
compared to the queen's.
I won't fail you again,
Your Grace.
No matter what happens,
I'll keep you safe.
[IRIS] Black on earth.
White in the sky.
Both sides are essential
to the balance.
So why must we fight each other?
O' Progenitor Rune.
If earth and sky are meant
to despise each other...
If this is the way
of the world...
...then I don't know
how long I can last.
The mere idea of standing atop
all that hatred‐‐it's horrible.
I just can't...
[gasps]
[VOICE]
White Priestess. Queen of Light.
You must make a decision
about what it is we
are meant to protect.
About what it is... that
we're meant to protect?
Phious...
I was a fool for trusting you!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Then they took me here.
Huh.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
In that moment...
Why did I choose her over him?
We were supposed to establish
friendly ties with White,
so maybe I was just
carrying out my mission.
But I can't imagine why Adel
would try to kill the queen.
Unless he was ordered
to without me knowing.
If that's the case,
then maybe letting him do it
would've been better
for the people of Black.
I don't know.
Regardless, it's done.
Afterwards, I wanted to say
something to the queen.
What was I trying to tell her?
It's all black.
[gasps]
The land, and the people
who live upon it,
we're all his. No one has
the power to resist his will.
So please, don't hate us.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
No. That isn't right.
It sounds like more of
an excuse than an apology.
I have all night
to choose my words.
[gasps]
A white cat?
From where?
[clanging]
It... opened.
You want me to come with you?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Strange...
There isn't a single guard here.
It's almost like they
want me to escape.
[grunts]
It's Iris.
[gasps]
[IRIS] We can coexist.
You and I are proof of that.
You do feel the same, right?
[IRIS] Not all good things
are born of light.
Darkness has every
bit as much value.
It takes both to find peace.
That's what I believe.
And yet...
[inhales, exhales]
You're safe.
Huh?
We want the same thing.
To help... both our people.
And leave happiness in our wake.
Towards that end, as best I can,
I'll support you from the mud.
Follow the path you believe in.
You'll find your way.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I never actually told you...
I'm the Prince of Darkness.
Next in line to be king.
[IRIS]
I know. I could feel it.
I'll take the throne.
And once I've done it,
I swear...
I will help you bring
peace to this world.
You have my word.
[IRIS]
Thank you.
[IRIS] Black and white. Darkness
and light. Earth and sky.
Though we may be apart, we'll
still support each other.
Without fail.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Yes. Till next we meet.
[IRIS]
Till then.
[BOTH gasp]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I have to go.
Thank you for all
you've done for me.
You saved my life.
I've repaid you.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
You'll wait for me, right?
For when the time comes?
Yes.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
You aren't alone.
I hope you know that.
[IRIS] Light and darkness
exist on opposite poles.
They maintain a balance
without ever touching.
[IRIS]
I know you'll keep your word.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS
grunts, panting]
[IRIS]
And I swear, I'll do the same.